- there's two cups a tiny still there
probably about six seven weeks old the
reserve is home to 40 lions living in
three separate prides the quota Gore
pride is the largest and they're all
known by name
the oldest female is called nabo
she has two five-year-old daughters now
she's a grandmother and the koi Tagore
pride has a third generation
it's one of NAB O's daughters who was
given birth to these young cubs these
little guys are the grandchildren of the
first lioness that ever got to know here
in Sunbury he's now a really old female
he was called noble which means one in
sambucas she's had one block black spot
on her nose
yeah nice eating she's still very much
an important presence in this pride
and sticks around the central area of
Samburu in fact she will definitely be
having some contact with these Cubs
it's exactly what Saba had hoped for the
reserves newest arrivals are just in
time for high season this is absolutely
wonderful because when our guests arrive
this is one of the best things that we
can come out and show them oh it's so
sweet